### Images

- Coming from iOS, you'll be familiar with `UIImage`, and conveniently, there is a corresponding `NSImage` class in AppKit. But you'll quickly notice that these classes are vastly different. `NSImage` is, in many ways, a more powerful class than `UIImage`, but this comes at the cost of increased complexity. 
- Apple's [Cocoa Drawing Guide](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/CocoaDrawingGuide/Images/Images.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40003290-CH208-BCIBBFGJ) has a good introduction of how to work with images in AppKit.
- The most important conceptual difference is that `NSImage` is backed by one or more image representations. AppKit comes with some `NSImageRep` subclasses like `NSBitmapImageRep`, `NSPDFImageRep` and `NSEPSImageRep`. For example, `NSImage` object could hold a thumbnail, a full-size and a PDF representation for printing of the same content. When you draw the image, an image representation matching the current graphics context and drawing dimensions will be picked based on the color space, dimensions, resolution and depth.
- An image representation has three properties that play into that: `size`, `pixelsWide` and `pixelsHigh`. The size property determines the size of the image representation when being rendered, whereas the pixel width and height values specify the raw image size as derived from the image data itself. Together, those properties determine the resolution of the image representation. The pixel dimensions can be different from the representation's size, which in turn can be different from the size of the image the representation belongs to.
- Another difference from `UIImage` is that `NSImage` will cache the result when it's drawn to screen (this behavior is configurable via the `cacheMode` property). When you change an underlying image representation, you have to call `recache` on the image for the change to take effect.
